hey dudes I'm Hilah and welcome to Hilah
cooking today I'm gonna show you
possibly the most famous breakfast in
the world and also the one that was
voted most likely to kill you it's the
eggs benedict and it's a poached egg
with Canadian bacon over a toasted
English muffin and then covered in
hollandaise sauce it's really delicious
and there's a lot of controversy about
where it was invented but I'm really
convinced that it was probably right
here in the good old US of A so put that
in your pipe and smoke it Great Britain
good day
[Music]
okay step numero uno we want to separate
our eggs and just put the yolks in here
in a bowl and you can save the whites in
the fridge for a few days just cover it
if you want to like Adam - scrambled
eggs later so you don't have to waste
them and then I'm gonna add a little bit
of water and I've got this I'm just a
bowl about an inch and a half of water
down there and the pan underneath so I'm
kind of I've got a rigged up double
boiler but I like this actually better
than double boiler because see this bowl
has a nice round bottom so it's gonna
round bottom so it's gonna make it
easier for me to stir it up really well
so once the water and the yolks are
incorporated kind of over a medium heat
we're just gonna cook these over some
simmering water for maybe five minutes
or so until they start to thicken up a
little bit okay now you can kind of see
when I scrape the sides it leaves a
trail like the whisk is able to kind of
cut through the foamy stuff so that's
good that means we are in the right time
and place and then I've got some melted
butter here I just melted it in the
microwave my little Pyrex deal so then I
can pour it in so this is where the
whisking is super-important whisk it
constantly I'm just gonna have trickle
this butter in there a little by little
basically what we're making it is an
emulsion sauce so it's like if you ever
made a loli or mayonnaise it's the same
process except using oil instead of
butter so this way is a lot healthier
just make sure you're getting the sides
and now when you start adding the butter
is when you see it really start to kind
of thicken and that's that
emulsification process happening when
you're getting the egg and the butter so
that they make an acquaintance and they
form droplets within droplets and decide
to be good friends
so the last of the butters going in I
did start to get a few little lumps
because I had my heat too high so let
that be a lesson to you it's a slow and
patient process much like many things in
life that are worth doing and this is
starting to look awesome there look at
that you can really see like in the last
30 seconds or so it's changed a lot and
texture okay this is great I'm actually
gonna turn the heat completely off now
and I don't really want all this white
solids I'm just gonna leave most of that
in my little cup okay Wow and I got my
lumps pretty much beating out of there
and now I'm gonna add some Tabasco sauce
to my arm um you could leave this out
but I like kind of I don't know I like
it a lot obviously you know me and some
lemon juice and I also like a lot of
lemon juice I'm gonna probably put in a
tablespoon or so beautiful a little bit
salt unless you're using salted butter I
always use unsalted butter if you are
using butter that was assaulted then you
probably don't need to add any salt and
mmm that more lemon just because that's
the way I like it but that's pretty
adjustable to your taste okay this is
gorgeous
now this really is best if you use it
immediately but I still have to like
poach some eggs and toast some things so
I'm just gonna leave it still in the
warm water just keep it warm and just
gonna put a lid on it and it'll be good
for another 20-30 minutes if it stiffens
up on you you might need to add a little
bit of warm water to loosen it before
you serve it but should still be fine
while you get everything else together
so yay we did it good job everybody all
right Tim for assembly so I just toasted
my English muffins on the same pan and I
just did this to under the broiler with
my little okay
bacon so heat up the bacon and crisp it
up a little bit so that's it's washing a
dish so you want that in a little
Canadian bacon and then I've got a
poached egg here I actually already made
a video on how to poach eggs but it's
exclusive to the learn to cook book so
if you have that um you should have
gotten an email update with that if you
don't have the book you can still buy it
or you can just go look up how to poach
eggs you know there's a ton of great
videos on YouTube and then I've got my
hollandaise sauce which is still nice
and thin it's not gotten you know overly
thick or anything so Oh God smells like
blown in Tabasco and to my favorite
things ever okay and I like to cook my
poached eggs for like six minutes cuz I
don't not a huge fan of like a bunch of
right business happening so do you want
more runny stuff than cooking for less
holy crackers
well this Speights gonna take me a long
time to eat I'm sorry guys I have to do
it though mm-hmm damn it that's so good
mmm
you guys Wow dude that's pretty look at
that like a little little sunshine in
there just cute so they're trying to
make Eggs Benedict or hollandaise sauce
so you're probably gonna have some
leftover sauce it's really good on
asparagus and broccoli and all that
stuff too
so there you go it's also one of the
French mother sauces pretty sure um so
now you know something that French
people know congratulations all right
thanks for watching if you have any
questions leave them in the comments
below and hope you all have a great day
and I hope you try this for brunch this
weekend yay
that sounds fun
[Music]